Add SMS in enclave info to "Go to production" page (#130)
iExecBlockchainComputing/documentation: for-developers/go-to-production.md

# Go to production

{% hint style="warning" %}
Before going any further, make sure you managed to:
- [Build your first application](your-first-app.md)
- [Build Confidential Computing app](confidential-computing/README.md)
{% endhint %}

## Connect to the production environment

To connect to the production environment, make sure your `chain.json` content is as follows:

```json
{
  "default": "bellecour",
  "chains": {
    "bellecour": {}
  }
}
```

## Standard application

If you are developing a standard application, then you are already set. To reach more audience, you can [publish your app to the Dapps store](#publish-your-app-to-the-dapps-store).

## Confidential Computing application

{% hint style="warning" %}
The following applies only to the Scone framework.
{% endhint %}

If you are developing a Confidential Computing application, be aware of following information.

### SMS running inside an enclave

The [iExec SMS](confidential-computing/access-confidential-assets.md) is a crucial component for TEE tasks on iExec. The SMS is in charge of:
- storing all secrets of iExec users (application developer, requester, dataset owner)

> - defining - by following on-chain governance - which secrets are accessible to a specific enclave.

Author: This is not specific to Scone. We may have to explain it before the warning ("The following applies only to the Scone framework."). Do you agree?

Reviewer: Please see https://github.com/iExecBlockchainComputing/documentation/pull/130/commits/8f24a6ba477c2e3c15e01efa182254767f39bd38

# Go to production

{% hint style="warning" %}
Before going any further, make sure you managed to:
- [Build your first application](your-first-app.md)
- [Build Confidential Computing app](confidential-computing/README.md)
{% endhint %}

## Connect to the production environment

To connect to the production environment, make sure your `chain.json` content is as follows:

```json
{
  "default": "bellecour",
  "chains": {
    "bellecour": {}
  }
}
```

## Standard application

If you are developing a standard application, then you are already set. To reach more audience, you can [publish your app to the Dapps store](#publish-your-app-to-the-dapps-store).

## Confidential Computing application

{% hint style="warning" %}
The following applies only to the Scone framework.
{% endhint %}

If you are developing a Confidential Computing application, be aware of following information.

### Sign your application

> Any Confidential Computing application built previously on the [develop environment](confidential-computing/choose-your-tee-framework.md#lets-build) runs in a debug enclave, which, as warned, might be inspected. To prevent confidential data to be inspected, the application must run in a production enclave.

Reviewer 2: should we remove "To prevent confidential data to be inspected, the application must run in a production enclave." ?

Reviewer: What do you suggest?

> Any Confidential Computing application built previously on the [develop environment](confidential-computing/choose-your-tee-framework.md#lets-build) runs in a debug enclave, which, as warned, might be inspected. To prevent confidential data to be inspected, the application must run in a production enclave.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Any Confidential Computing application built previously on the [develop environment](confidential-computing/choose-your-tee-framework.md#lets-build) runs in a debug enclave, which, as warned, might be inspected.
```

    SMS --> |8. Response: <br>session ID| Worker
    Worker --> |9. Launch application with session ID| App[Application]
    App --> |10. Get all secrets for this session ID over RA-TLS channel| CAS
    SMS --- SMSCPU
    App --- AppCPU(Intel SGX CPU)
    CAS --- CASDB
    CASDB --- |Encryption is performed using a private Seal Key that <br>is unique to that particular platform/hardware| CASCPU

    subgraph "Security Services"
        SMS[Scone SMS]
        SMSDB[(Encrypted <br>SMS<br> database)]
        SMSCPU(Intel SGX <br>CPU)
        CAS[CAS: Configuration and Attestation Service]
        CASDB[(CAS Database)]
        CASCPU(Specific Intel SGX CPU)
    end

    subgraph "Legend"
        IN[Enclave protection]
        Out[No enclave protection]
    end

    style SMS fill:green,color:white
    style SMSCPU fill:green,color:white
    style SMSDB fill:green,color:white
    style CAS fill:green,color:white
    style CASDB fill:green,color:white
    style CASCPU fill:green,color:white
    style App fill:green,color:white
    style AppCPU fill:green,color:white
    style IN fill:green,color:white
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Security Services are in charge of storing secrets (SMS) and provisioning them (CAS) to authorized Confidential applications running on the iExec platform.
```

> As seen in this diagram, a sub-sets of secrets are transferred to an authorized Application enclave over an RA-TLS channel ([Remote Attestation](https://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/developer/tools/software-guard-extensions/attestation-services.html)).

Reviewer 3: Mix of singular and plural
```suggestion
As seen in this diagram, required secrets are transferred to an authorized Application enclave over an RA-TLS channel ([Remote Attestation](https://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/developer/tools/software-guard-extensions/attestation-services.html)).
```

Reviewer 3: or other wording if a better one comes

> Inside Security Services, all secrets are protected by an SMS database encryption key, itself backed by the CAS. The SMS enclave needs to prove its authenticity and integrity to the CAS in order to get access to its database encryption key.

Reviewer 3: Maybe add a little explanation somewhere to present **Security Services** introduced in the graph ?

Reviewer: @mcornaton did not want to repeat the diagram too much.
Is it smoother with that suggestion https://github.com/iExecBlockchainComputing/documentation/pull/130/files#r1112724487 ?
If not, what do you suggest?

Reviewer 3: I agree we must avoid to repeat the diagram. My point is that **Security Services** may not be that visible for a first-time reader who may miss the relation.
We may try to go for something like:
```suggestion
Inside **Security Services** (yellow area in above diagram), all secrets are protected by an SMS database encryption key, itself backed by the CAS. The SMS enclave needs to prove its authenticity and integrity to the CAS in order to get access to its database encryption key.
```

Could it be possible to write Security Services in bold in the diagram ?

Reviewer 3: Thanks
